PEP 773: Replace open issues with decisions. Remove empty footnotes section (#4378)
python/peps: peps/pep-0773.rst

making them significantly incompatible for some users, but this is likely okay
for especially old versions).

As of this PEP's acceptance, the plan is to create packages for all versions of

> Python 3.10.0 onwards (excluding prereleases), so that all non-EOL releases can

Reviewer: I assume this captures the intent, I thought it might be useful to be explicit. Will need updating for line length if accepted.
```suggestion
Python 3.10.0 onwards (including patch releases, but excluding pre-releases), so that all non-EOL releases can
```

> be fully installed using PyManager. Version from Python 3.5.0 onwards (excluding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
be fully installed using PyManager. Versions from Python 3.5.0 onwards (excluding
```

> prereleases) will directly reference the packages on NuGet, making them easily

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pre-releases) will directly reference the packages on NuGet, making them easily
```

this is not a necessary feature for the manager.

Test suite and debug symbols
----------------------------

The existing installer optionally allows installation of the Python standard
library test suite, and optional installation of debug symbols. Neither of these
are necessary for most users, but they are convenient for some. Preliminary
testing shows that omitting the test suite and debug symbols saves about 60% of
the size of the compressed package (from 46MB to 18MB).

The "default" CPython packages installed by PyManager will therefore not include
the test suite or the debug symbols. However, there will be a second "company"

> that does include these extras, ``PythonTest`` (as opposed to the default,

Reviewer 3: "company" is confusing to me. What does this specifically mean @zooba?

Author: It's a term from PEP 514 that refers to the first part of the install identifier - the `PythonCore` in `py install PythonCore\3.14`.

I should _probably_ call it "PEP 514 company" here, though I don't like the PEP number being part of the identity. Every other use of "Company" in the PEP is consistently referring to the same thing, but I'm not real happy with it how it is, so I'll find a way to clarify that doesn't offend me.
